Azure Storage Queues troubleshooting page (#5360)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/azure-storage-queues/troubleshooting.md

---
title: Azure Storage Queues Troubleshooting
component: ASQ
reviewed: 2021-06-08
---

## Message size too large

> When you experience the following exception the cause might be that the message that is sent is too large.

Author: ```suggestion
When experiencing the following exception the cause might be that the message that is sent is too large.
```
